Update to Server 5.1 (#19)
neo4j-drivers/docs-bolt: modules/ROOT/pages/bolt/message.adoc

----
extra::Dictionary(
  user_agent::String,
  patch_bolt::List<String>,
  scheme::String,
  routing::Dictionary(address::String),
  …
)
----

** The `user_agent` should conform to `"Name/Version"` for example `"Example/4.1.0"` (see link:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/User-Agent[] for more information).

> ** `patch_bolt` is version *4.4 only*.

Reviewer: it's 4.3 and 4.4

Reviewer 2: Was it ported to 4.3 servers?

Author: Checked the driver code: 4.3. Don't know about server @gjmwoods ?

Reviewer 3: yes ported back to 4.3

> ** `patch_bolt` is version *4.4 only*.

Author: ```suggestion
** `patch_bolt` is version *4.3-4.4 only*.
```

** `server::String` (server agent string, example `"Neo4j/4.1.0"`)
** `connection_id::String` (unique identifier of the bolt connection used on the server side, example: `"bolt-61"`)

> ** `patch_bolt` only in version *4.4* and only if the client requested patches in the `patch_bolt` field of the request. The server will include the subset of requested patches (with the exact same string the client requests) if it supports it. From that point onward, the server-client communication _must only_ use the patched protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
** `patch_bolt` only in versions *4.3* and *4.4* and only if the client requested patches in the `patch_bolt` field of the request. The server will include the subset of requested patches (with the exact same string the client requests) if it supports it. From that point onward, the server-client communication _must only_ use the patched protocol.
```
